okay a simple way to make beams of light
let's start by make new image and a
gradient let's do that gradient that I
like this one on this one now you notice
we already sort of have a beam of light
just by choosing that second gradient
and putting that line there but what's
enhance that so you make a new layer
switch this to white choose the paint
bucket tool make opacity just ten
percent and press and press and that's
actually twenty percent but that kind of
gives you what you need so let's take
the move tool right click free transform
and let's take this middle one chance
for whatever that is and let's just kind
of
shape it into it you see all this is is
just another layer that is mostly
transparent because I have that three
transform again and this will switch
back to the regular one
and I hope this kind of follow along or
even trail like that now we can kind of
darken this up to a handset a little bit
if you want you're in saturation do that
and if they blur this out filters blur
Gaussian blur don't have to be all the
weight lurie and then I added some
sparkles which that was pretty easy to
do I didn't Photoshop as breezy new here
we stick it into later and paint brush
and let's go to 3d brushes and let's
choose these right here and you rotate
it is facing like that we're going to be
scattering and I say don't want you to
know what that does but if we should
have also turn the flow all the way up
this gives us a previous run our mouths
it just gives us some different sizes
and we can change to another brush if we
want we can make it a little bit bigger
it will be a few little bigger ones
you can have this beam go over things
too and fear what we can do later let's
just switch back black and see you later
we want to have a go a little how to do
it whatever this thing is the sport
let's take that or leave it down
underneath of you and unless kind of
free transform that again let's go ahead
use that weather transform tool sorry
can I give it a little bit of dimension
it looks like an alien rock or something
okay and regular transform like a little
bigger so part of it goes out of the
beat and you'll see the part of it
stored by being all the way don't like
it that makes oh I'm going to check it
out again
maybe change the color
so we get a nice gold and do you can
also on this rocker where that thing is
now go to the blur tool but don't use
blur go to the sunshine tool here take
your circle down to the second blurry
one turn your strength down to about 12
sounds good your precise bigger and you
can kind of enhance the verse getting
hit by light make that later and then a
cloud I get darker underneath
yeah some jenny was kind of sunshine and
give a little bit
and I don't have no idea what this is
i'm just making all this up on the fly
but i want to change this color now
here's I tradition and Kyle it looks
best with that
you stop me when you pick it out no no
it looks just here probably the original
one day but
for some reason I want it to be a little
bit more blue like that a little darker
like that if you wanted to if you take
this beam of light you should struggling
sparkles underneath it doesn't make a
difference filter whoops excuse me
filter distort twirl
I don't think I like that especially but
filters blur Gaussian blur
yeah let's take sparkle takes a tripod a
man I different overlays see that does
anything toward sorta I liked I sales
we've been over later then duplicate
that
we get to start another later this is
just the way over the top here I was
just gonna do it like second video but I
am filters noise clouds actually lets
you filter is snowing it's pretty nice
let's kind of cloud up these shapes of
whatever you are ok let's do gray scale
it's like wide enough so put that little
screen smooth down okay now looks like
lead another beep boop it that way you
look it again
yeah like that but replicate try that
else can call
okay so let's call that down so that's
how you make a penis you can do lots of
other ways but that was how they thought
it do it click on the slide so bye